Signed on as โชติพิสิฐ อดุลสีหวัตต์
My worksheet

ข้อสอบปลายภาคการศึกษา 2568 : 2110521 Software Architecture (Part 1)
2110521 (2025/1)
For individual student
Out:
Nov232025

Due:
Nov232025
23:59
Out on 23 November 2025 Due on 23 November 2025 [due] at 23:59
Instruction
Part 1

- Introduction to Microservice
- Decomposition Strategies
- Implementing queries
- Testing Microservice
  My Work

Answer a question set
Complete the question set
1
According to the Scale cube and microservices, which axis is scaled using the "Load Balance"?

Pick a choice:
X-axis : One instance --> Many instances
Y-axis : Monolithic --> Microservice
There is no correct answer
Z-axis : One partition --> Many Partitions
There are more than one correct answers
1 point
2
Which one is incorrect about Gherkin and Cucumber?

Pick a choice:
Gherkin and Cucumber still need to translate scenarios into runnable code manually.
When using Gherkin, you define your acceptance tests using English-like scenarios.
Gherkin is a DSL for writing executable specifications.
You then execute the specifications using Cucumber, a test automation framework for Gherkin.
All are correct.
1 point
3
Which one is an incorrect description of the four different types of Testing?

Pick a choice:
End-to-end tests — Acceptance tests for the entire application.
Unit tests — Test a small part of a service, such as a class.
Integration tests — Verify that a service can interact with infrastructure services such as databases and other application services.
All are correct.
Component tests — Acceptance tests for an individual service.
1 point
4
In modern software development, the following issues directly impact the business value, except which one?

Pick a choice:
Mean time to recover (MTTR)
Software Complexity Control
Development frequency
Change failure rate
Lead time for changes
1 point
5
Which one is not considered as a drawback of identifying services by Business Capabilities in decomposition strategy?

Pick a choice:
The God Class is difficult to identify.
Some services might grow in complexity over time.
There might be a chance that we need to re-identify a set of services in the future.
Identifying services by business capabilities is much harder than using sub-domain pattern.
Some decompositions are inefficient due to excessive in interprocess communication.
1 point
6
Which one is incorrect about Consumer-Driven Contract Testing?

Pick a choice:
All are correct.
Even though the focus of consumer-driven contract testing is to test a provider, contracts are also used to verify that the consumer conforms to the contract.
A contract test verifies whether the consumer implements an endpoint (for the provider) that is the expected HTTP method and path for a REST endpoint or not.
A consumer contract test focuses on verifying that the “shape” of a provider’s API meets the consumer’s expectations.
The interaction between a consumer and a provider is defined by a set of examples, known as contracts.
1 point
7
From 4+1 view model, which view that the figure can be used in explaining the system?

Pick a choice:
Process View
Deployment View
Logical View
Scenario
Implementation View
1 point
8
Which one is not the drawback of the Microservice Architecture?

Pick a choice:
Deciding when to adopt the microservice architecture is difficult.
Finding the right set of services is challenging.
Increasing the obsolete technology stack.
Distributed systems are complex.
Deploying features that span multiple services requires careful coordination.
1 point
9
Which document in the following document can be used as a guide for identifying services by Business Capabilities?

Pick a choice:
Class Diagram
ASM Chart
WBS
Activity Diagram
Organization Chart
1 point
10
For the CQRS view side, which example below is the most practical one?

Pick a choice:
Implementing business intelligence report using DynamoDB.
Implement PK-Based lookup of JSON object using Oracle.
Implementing a relationship between each pair of customer (for example, if they are friends or not) using Neo4j.
Implementing text search for order using MySQL.
Implementing hotel Information (including location and photos) by using Elasticsearch.
1 point
11
What is incorrect about the practical guideline in restructuring from Monolithic to Microservices?

Pick a choice:
We should start our application with a Monolithic architecture at the beginning stage, then transform it into Microservices at appropriate timing.
There is no silver bullet in Microservice architecture.
We should use pattern language to guide our decision-making in each step.
We should decompose each service into as small-size as possible.
The goal of architecture is to satisfy non-functional requirements. Hence, focus on it.
1 point
12
Which class has the highest potential to be considered as a god class?

Pick a choice:
A
C
B
E
D
1 point
13
Which one is incorrect about the API composition pattern?

Pick a choice:
API composition is simpler than CQRS.
API composition can be used for both internal and external communication.
An API composer might be a client, such as a web application, or a service, such as an API gateway
There are two type of participants, an API composer and a provider service.
The best approach to implement the API composer is using it as a stand-alone service.
1 point
14
Which issue is included in the five groups of communication patterns?

Pick a choice:
Discovery
Querying
Database Architecture
Deployment
Cross-cutting Concerns
1 point
15
Which one is incorrect about SQL vs. NoSQL databases?

Pick a choice:
RDBMS couldn’t satisfy scalability for many web application.
SQL-based RDBMS was born before NoSQL.
NoSQL database is more flexible in data modeling than SQL database.
NoSQL database is often a good choice for CQRS data storing.
Some advantages of NoSQL over SQL databases are better performance and scalability.
1 point
16
Which one in the following option is incorrect in using the CQRS pattern?

Pick a choice:
One popular approach is to create a relational database for a CQRS view.
A motivation of using CQRS is that in-memory joining a large datasets is inefficient.
CQRS makes querying possible in an event sourcing-based application.
CQRS enables the efficient implementation of diverse queries.
CQRS is an effective option in performing an efficient geospatial query.
1 point
17
Which one is not a reason to explain the quote:

"the Agile development does not always work when the successful applications keep growing"?

Pick a choice:
The path from code commit to production is arduous.
Complexity intimidates developers.
The development cost is significantly increased.
The production is difficult to maintain.
Single-code-based repository creates communication and coordination overhead.
1 point
18
Which one is incorrect about writing efficient aggregation logic?

Pick a choice:
An ineffective aggregate logic might cause a problem when performing an in-memory join of large datasets.
An API composer could minimize the response time for a query operation by calling provider services in parallel
We should avoid a mixture of sequential and parallel service invocations to minimize system complexity.
API composer should program using relying on events instead of processing by lines-of-code order.
API composer should use a reactive programming model.
1 point
19
Which one is an incorrect use of unit tests in FTGO?

Pick a choice:
Using sociable unit tests for entities, such as Order.
Using solitary unit tests for domain services, such as OrderService.
Using solitary unit tests for sagas, such as CreateOrderSaga.
Using solitary unit tests for controllers, such as OrderController.
Using sociable unit tests for value objects, such as Money.
1 point
20
Which one is incorrect about Testing Microservice?

Pick a choice:
Manual testing is inefficient as we should never ask a human to do what a machine can do better.
Testing is primarily an activity that happens after development.
The development workflow should be: edit code -> run tests -> repeat.
On automated tests, we focus on verifying both the functional and non-functional aspects.
Manual testing is done far too late in the delivery process.
1 point
(Optional) Call for the attention of
Show staff searching box
Submit your work
Staff's Feedback
-- No feedback to this submission has been made by any of the course staffs yet. --
